Step	Description
1.	What you see before you are the parts to assemble a packed bed, including reactor tubing, two stainless steel Swagelok zero-volume-reducing unions with corresponding nuts and ferrules, frits and packing material. They are labeled now but if you say the words “hide label” the labels will close and "show label" will make them reopen. Try it now. 
2.	Measure and mark 10-cm of the stainless-steel tubing and place it inside the metal tube cutter to the marked length and tighten it enough so that the cutter and tube are in contact. 
3.	Rotate the metal tube cutter around the stainless-steel tube and periodically secure the tube by tightening the tube cutter. Continue rotating until the stainless-steel tube is cut.
4.	Use the metal file to file both ends of the cut tube until they are flat.
5.	Deburr the opening of the tube with a deburring tool.
6.	Unscrew the large nut attached to the body of the fitting union and insert a stainless-steel frit into the body. Push the frit to the bottom using tweezers. 
7.	Place the stainless steel nut onto the stainless-steel tube, cylindrical end first. 
8.	Then place the back ferrule onto the stainless-steel tube, large end first.
9.	Place the coned front ferrule onto the steel tube, large end first. 
10.	Follow the ferrules with the wide end of the fitting union and finger tighten, being sure the tube fully seats in the bottom of the fitting to ensure a zero dead-volume connection.
11.	Using two wrenches seen in step one, permanently swage the fitting by tightening the nut to the fitting body. 
12.	Repeat steps 6-10 for the opposite end and set aside this portion of the assembly until required.
13.	Cut two 10-cm long pieces of PFA tubing using a polymer-tube cutter.
14.	Unscrew the small stainless steel nut from the fitting body. Locate the two small ferrules and place them to the side. Thread the nut onto the PFA tube cylindrical end first. 
15.	Collect the ferrule set that you put aside previously. Place the back ferrule onto the PFA tube, big end first using tweezers if necessary.
16.	Then place the front ferrule onto the PFA tube, big end first using tweezers.
17.	Insert the end of the PFA tubing into the fitting body and tube assembly applying pressure while finger-tightening, again being sure the tube seats all the way into the fitting. Then use the wrenches to tighten it even further. Overtightening will result in a poor seal due to tube deformation. 
18.	Repeat steps 14-17 attaching the second PFA tube to the opposite side of the reactor assembly in a similar fashion.
19.	Place a super flangeless nut onto the PFA tube ribbed side first leaving the narrow threaded part facing the top of the tube. 
20.	Then place the front ferrule onto the PFA tube next with the wide end facing the super flangeless nut. Follow this by the cone shaped back ferrule with the wide end facing the end of the tube.
21.	Slide both the nut and ferrule to the top of the tube using the provided cap tighten the parts until secure.
22.	Repeat steps 18-20 to the opposite side of the reactor.
23.	Unscrew the large steel nut from the fitting body revealing the opening of the metal tube. Remove the plunger from a plastic syringe. Insert the small end of the syringe in the metal tube. Then insert a plastic funnel to the large end of the syringe. 
24.	Add packing material to the syringe tapping both the syringe and metal tube to allow the powder to settle into the tube. Pat down the packing material using the flat cylindrical rod. 
25.	Using the appropriate wrenches retighten the fitting to the body assembly, being careful the ferrule and fittings are void of any particles.